docs(readme.md): Add ngZoneEventCoalescing for Runtime Optimizations (#53)
mgechev/angular-performance-checklist: README.md

- [quick-execution](https://angular.io/guide/template-syntax#quick-execution) - official documentation for template expressions
- [Increasing Performance - more than a pipe dream](https://youtu.be/I6ZvpdRM1eQ) - ng-conf video on youtube. Using pipe instead of function in interpolation expression

### Coalescing event change detections

> Angular uses ZoneJS to intercept events that occurred in the application and run a change detection cycle automatically, also Angular runs change detection every time when the microtask queue is empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular uses zone.js to intercept events that occurred in the application and runs a change detection automatically. By default this happens when the [microtask queue](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCOL7MC4Pl0) of the browser is empty, which in some cases may call redundant cycles.
```

Author: Thanks for picking this up, I'd like to use Jake Archibald's video. I also think it's the best one so far for explaining js event loop.

> From V9, Angular provides a way to coalesce event change detections by turning `ngZoneEventCoalescing` on, i.e

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From v9, Angular provides a way to coalesce event change detections by turning `ngZoneEventCoalescing` on, i.e
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```typescript
```

platformBrowser()
  .bootstrapModule(AppModule, { ngZoneEventCoalescing: true });
```

> which will schedule running change detection with `requestAnimationFrame`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above configuration will schedule change detection with `requestAnimationFrame`, instead of plugging into the microtask queue, which will run checks less frequently and consume fewer computational cycles.
```
